I grabbed the loyal dog by the collar and dragged it out of the room.
A dog lay under the table, gnawing on a bone.
Steves gone out to walk the pet dog.
The security guard set his loyal dog on the thief.
keep your pet dog on a lead when on the beach.
We could hear dog bark in the distance.
I took my pet dog to the vet today .
Tail of this dog is long and smooth.
He was running and the loyal dog was chasing him.
Dog is a pet animal.
Dog is a fourlegged animal.
Dog runs very fast, barks loudly and attacks the strangers.
dog goes bow-wow.
My dog is friendly towards other friendly dog.
My dog bark when appropriate, but not excessively.
My dog play well with other dogs.

My cat likes dozing in front of the fire.
I usually feed the neighbours cat while she away.
cat is chasing the dead fish.
A cat was meowing at the door.
Tail of this cat is long and smooth.
The cat purred as I stroked its fur.
Cat is a pet animal.
Cat is a fourlegged animal.
My pet cat died yesterday.
I took my pet cat to vet today.
Cat and Dog are most common pet.


The farmer called the vet out to treat a sick cow.
The cow is grazing in the meadow.
Cow is a fourlegged animal.
We visited a dairy farm and saw the cow being milked.
A cow goes moo.
Cow milk is the most commonly type of diary.
Goat milk is healthier than cow milk.
I saw a cow in field today.
Cow feeds on grass.
Cow has horns.

Goat milk has more calcium than cow milk.
Goat is a fourlegged animal.
The goat is eating grass in the fileld.
Goat milk is taken by Tom.
He looked at the goat in the field.
That cheese is made from goat milk.
Goat is a domestic animal tamed by a human.
Goat has horns on its head.


Bullock has large horns.
Bullock is a fourlegged animal.
Bullock are male domesticated animal.
I saw a bullock eating grass today. 
At last the bullock is sold to a dealer. 
Bullock feeds on grass and it cannot produce milk.
Bullock is a heavy large animal.

Tiger is a fourlegged animal.
Tiger is a wild animal.
Wild cats are related to lion and tiger. 
Some of the most famous animal in danger are tiger, rhinoceroses, and gorillas. 
Tiger is in danger, so the Indian government uses money to pay for big parks where tiger can live safely. 
Tiger live in the jungle. 
Tiger is the national_animal.
We saw a wild tiger in the zoo.
The zoo has a large collection of heavy tiger.


The hunter chased the fox until it was too tired and weak to run and then closed in for the kill.
The hounds had lost the smell of the fox near the river.
As the fox came into the yard, the chicken began squawking in alarm.
There was a fox on the prowl earlier.
Fox is a wild animal belonging to the loyal dog pet family.
A fox who had smell the chicken came out of the woods into the yard.
Fox is a fourlegged animal.
Fox live in jungle.
We saw a fox in the zoo.

A zebra has black and white stripes on its body. 
But baby zebra can run and stay near their mother and the other adult zebra. 
It looks like a kind of horse or zebra animal
Lion and tiger love to eat baby zebra. 
A zebra stripes help it to survive. 
This makes it difficult for predators, such as lion, to identify one zebra to attack. 
Zebra have black and white stripes.
Fox is a fourlegged animal.
Zebra live in the jungle.
We saw a zebra in the zoo.


Horse is a domestic animal.
Horse is a beautiful animal.
He knows how to ride a horse.
The horse jumped over the fence.
I ride horse almost every day.
T can't tell a horse from a pony.
Can I ride this horse for a while?
I like to ride a horse now and then. 
Horse feed on grass and hay.
Its a beautiful horse.
Horse is a four legged animal.


The elephant is a fourlegged animal
An elephant is an enormous animal.
An elephant is a large animal.
Elephant are the largest land animal alive today.
Tail of an elephant is very long.
Elephant is an wild animal.
Elephant lives in jungle.
We saw an elephant in the zoo.


We are like cuckoo bird who appear through a door each morning.
Bird like cuckoo lay its egg in other bird nests.
cuckoo bird can fly.
I saw a cuckoo bird on the roof.
Tom put the cuckoo bird in the cage.
Cuckoo bird can sing.
Cuckoo bird can fly.
Voice of cuckoo bird is sweet.
The cuckoo had to fly to a nest.
The cuckoo is a harbinger of spring.

He keeps a parrot in a birdcage.
The bird parrot gave me a sharp-peck on the finger.
On roof I saw a bird like parrot.
Parrot bird can fly in the sky.
She liked the parrot at the zoo.
She used to keep a parrot in a birdcage.
Parrot is green in color.
Parrot is omnivore.
Parrot bird lay its egg in a nest.


Crow is black in color.
Crow do caw-caw sound.
The crow fly away.
The bird on the roof is a crow.
As the crow fly, its about 20 miles from here.
Tom took another gunshot at the crow.
The wing of crow is shiny black in color.
The crow bird has loud voices.
Crows are glossy blackbirds.
Crow bird lay its egg in a nest.
Crow is very intelligent.


Sparrow were seen fly around the farm.
The bird sparrow makes the sweet sound of Sparrow ChiChi.
Sparrow is a small bird.
Sparrow lives by nesting on tree.
Bird like Sparrow flock together in large families.
Sparrow have beautiful voices.
Sparrow do chirping and singing.
Sparrow is a small bird.
Sparrow has round wing.
Sparrow bird lay its egg in a nest.





Peacock is national bird of the India.
The peacock feather is very beautiful.
The peacock is in the foodchain of the wildlife.
Peacock eat snake.
Peacock feather is blue.
Peacock feather is green.
Peacock feather is golden.
Peacock cannot fly much high.
Peacock looks beautiful.
peacock dance in the rain.
To feed a bird like peacock is prohibited in some areas.


The bird eagle spirals up into the sky.
The eagle seized its prey in a tenacious grip.
Eagle feather and wing are huge.
Bird like eagle fly very high.
Eagle is a large, powerfully built bird of prey.
Eagle bird haas large hooked beak.
I saw an eagle fly on the sky.
Eagle has big claw.
Eagle is powerful than any bird.
Eagle is fully feather bird.
Eagle has strong feet.
Eagle has vision.
Eagle is fearless.
Bird like Eagle posses vitality.




Pigeon is warmblooded bird.
Bird like Pigeon is a beautiful.
Pigeon is a medium-size bird.
Pigeon has a small beak.
Pigeon has a pointed claw
Bird pigeon can fly for long time.
Beak of pigeon bird is a pointed beak.
I enjoy to feed the pigeon.
The pigeon fly in the window.
Tom likes to feed the pigeon in the park.
Pigeon lay eggs in a nest.
They used pigeon bird as a messenger.


A hawk hover over the hill.
hawk bird hover in the sky.
Hawk is a bird of prey.
Hawk can fly very high.
hawk bird has claw.
Hawk Feather can be found on dead body.
Hawk bird is medium-size.
Hawk bird is powerful and strong.
Hawk kill their prey with their claw.
Hawks have their nest high in trees.
Hawk has muscular legs.



When the owl sing, the nightingale will hold her peace. 
The owl fluffed out its feather.
An owl is a bird that hates the light.
owl bird eats insect and small birds. 
The claw of owl are very powerful and help them in catching the prey.
An Owl has very few feather.
Bird like owl has short beak.
Bird like owl has big eyes.
Owl nest in buildings, in trees, or on the ground.
Birk like owl fly silently.
Night owl stay until late.



Duck is a domestic bird.
Duck has a flat beak.
Duck is smaller than a swan.
Bird like Duck has shorter neck and wing.
Duck bird  has a stout body.
Duck bird  has a brown feather.
duck bird has pointed wing.
Duck egg is larger than chicken egg.
The wing of the bird duck is very strong.
Duck is a bird and is commonly known as waterfowl.